Fix ExtractIndicatorsFromWordFile - get context from incident (#16134)
demisto/content: Packs/CommonScripts/ReleaseNotes/1_6_4.md

#### Scripts
##### ExtractIndicatorsFromWordFile

> - Fixed an issue where the script get empty context when running in sub-playbook.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where the script could not find the file when running in the sub-playbook.
```
